Hello everyone and welcome back to this continued solution's lecture of the cap project one we're going
to get to York.
We left off last time and finished the project by just editing the CSSA file to make the styling look
the same as what we wanted to cap some project going to look like.
Let's go to the editor and browser and get started.
OK.
So here I am at my editor what I'm first going to do is edit the main things in the body that I want
to change.
We've already taken care of the font family.
The next thing I want to do is take care of the background color remember the background color was actually
a dark background.
So all I did choose just any color you want that's dark or any light color it doesn't really matter
that's not really the point of this exercise.
The background color that I ended up choosing was hex code.
0 1 1 6 2 7.
And because we have a dark background color it means the actual color of our text which we can call
by just color needs to be a lighter color or can just be whites or cream.
So I choose hex code.
F D F F F C colon.
So let's make sure that worked out well refresh this page.
Great.
So Eric back to the dark blue.
And now the white text.
Next thing I want to do is actually align everything to be centered.
So I will say text align center refresh make sure that works.
Everything is looking great there.
Now let's work with that border.
So the border is actually going to be quite thick.
So the official solution is have it at 60 pixels but I'm a little zoomed in here.
So let's just do something like 40 pixels and let's make it a solid border.
And here we can actually use a hex code again.
And the hex could either it was a teal color.
So he said to e c 4 8 6.
Again don't worry if your colors don't match exactly.
You really have all the flexibility you want.
As far as the colors go but here we have the border looking good.
But remember that we also wanted to get rid of this top border which means I can just say quarter top
and assign it to be of pixels.
That's a very quick way for us to essentially get rid of that top border and leave it to be that background
color.
And then finally if I want to make the call even closer I can call something like margin to be zero
pixels to try to slim down the distance between the border and the actual edge.
So again if I comment that out and refresh this I can see there's a little bit of gap between the border
and the edge of the browser there.
I undo that to give it at zero pixel margin.
Then I squeeze all the way to the end.
OK.
So now let's take care of some of the individual elements so the paragraph we already have that color
working correctly because it's in the body.
Well we might want to do is add a little more padding so it's just practice doing that.
Lawyers say patting on the top is something like 5 percent
padding on the left.
We can say 20 percent of it can say padding on the right is 20 percent so we can save that and refresh
over here and now that's been able to kind of elongate the landing page for us.
So looks a little more like the solutions.
And then finally we also want to start editing some of the sizes here.
So if you look here the first thing last name email and the form in general things are looking a little
smaller than or actually the same size as the paragraph but we want to be a little larger.
So they're looking a little smaller and referencing the solution.
So let's expand that something it can do is try calling form and say everything in the forum tag has
a font size and call it with it.
So it's in relationship to everything else to the body text.
So refresh this.
Now we're looking at a much larger font size here.
And if I don't like the spacing here I can also add a margin so I can say something like margin or I
could even just give it to the bottom and give it a small margin like something like 10 pixels.
And again this is really up to you this is just so that border doesn't touch that bottom button.
Now let's talk about that bottom button.
Remember we gave that bottom button in idea called some so I can say hash tag sub and let's give it
a color background so I'll say background color in this Lucias lecture was gold.
So that's all.
Just give it.
In my case the next card I found was f f 9 F 1 c.
Let's refresh this.
Make sure it works.
Looks like it's gold now.
Now let's make it much larger.
So it's Add in a heights.
Say About 80 pixels and also give it a with of let's make it a little larger something like 150 pixels
save this refresh.
OK it's looking pretty large.
Now let's continue.
Let's give it a bit of a margin.
So it's not directly touching that e-mail and it will give it something like a four pixel margin there.
Looks a little nicer since it's not directly touching.
And if we want to we can make the top marginal a little better.
So we'll say something like wups for pixels.
Something like margin top let's specifically give that to be let's say triple that 10 pixels so we refresh
and it looks a little nicer and the spacing here great.
Now finally a couple of things we wanted to do is the font size is a little small so I'll call font
size again say 1.5 CM and they also want to show you the trick for curving the button.
So right now by default the button is square if I want to give it some curve.
The term for that is border radius and then we can define a certain amount of pixels that we want the
radius borders have which are basically just round the corner.
So if I refresh this I can see it says sign me and right now the font is a little too big.
So what we can do is actually just call it back to let's say one E-M.
See if that fixes it.
Sign me up OK that's looking good.
So our actual font sizes is OK and it looks like everything is working.
So let's try this now.
We'll say hello first thaim fill in the last name.
Email.
Click on sign me up.
And it takes me to thank you for signing up.
So we're able to just quickly walk through an example landing page.
Obviously it doesn't do much more just free to practice looking at something and recreating it.
And so far looks pretty good.
Feel free to play around a lot more.
Feel free to explore the official solutions that I've left free in the downloaded folder.
They're a little different than what we went through here but basically the same idea okay if you have
any questions feel free to post the Kewaunee forums and I'll be happy to help you up.
I'll see you at the next lecture.